chore: Add a pull request template file (#6393)
systeminit/si: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!-- This is only a suggestion of topics to cover on your PR description -->
<!-- Feel free to ignore it or remove irrelevant sections -->

## How does this PR change the system?

> <!-- How and why this PR changes the system -->

Reviewer: I've found it really useful to concretely separate this a bit: first sentence or para is *why* (what is the problem, what do we want to make better). Then, *what*: a "guide" to the PR for a reviewer, often in bullet points, with the overall changes you tried to make. This should include any factoring as well; it is here to give the reviewer context to understand the +'s and -'s in the PR.

> <!-- How and why this PR changes the system -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Why: briefly what problem this solves and what the aim is as an overview -->
<!-- Review guide: bullets of how this changes the system, design, gotchas, factorings, any context the reviewer could use to understand the actual changes. -->
```

#### Screenshots:

<!-- Are there images that may illustrate the change? (especially if UI was modified) -->

#### Out of Scope:

<!-- Anything this PR explicitly leaves out? -->

## How was it tested?

> <!-- Does it have automated tests? What cases do they cover? -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Does it have automated tests? What cases do they cover? -->

It's worth adding specific checkboxes to the template for:

```suggestion
<!-- Does it have automated tests? What manual tests did you do? Sometimes it's nice to use this as a mini "test plan" for manual testing, too--write them down and check them off :) Remove anything that you don't need!-->
- [X] Integration tests pass
- [X] Manual test: new functionality works in UI
- [X] Manual test: (regression check) creating a component still works
``````
